README.md, before:

# ftp-serve
FTP server framework for Node.js

# TODO
// Order does not imply priority, nor workable items
- Switch to typescript
- Domain Abstractions: ServerMessage, DataConnection, Connector, NetworkInterface, Port
- Determine Domain Boundary / Ownership for interface and port (Connector / DTP)
- Determine how to pass configuration down the chain FTPServer -> ClientSession -> DTP -> ???
- Determine Command lifecycle and relationship with configuration (i.e. how handle access rights, and how configure commands)
- Define model for implementing custom file systems (interface vs command provider)
- Determine Command Configuration
- Error handling (Introduce result abstraction ?)
- Dependency Injection
- Compliance Testing Client
- Investigate how to confirm successful replies and how to close data connections in compliance with relevant specifications
- FTP/TLS, FTP/SSH
- Documentation, pipelining support, telnet non-compliance etc.
# References
- http://cr.yp.to/ftp.html
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42025253/does-ftp-support-utf-character-set

Commit message:

refactor: typescript (#1)
* first commit

* chore: add gitignore

* fix: register type command

* feat: pwd command

* progress: data connections support

* docs: describe requirements for network configuration

* fix: hardcode localhost listening over ipv4 to simplify development

* docs: record unaccounted usecase for service initialization

* feat: connector implementation

* refactor: dtp implementation restructuring

* refactor: work dir ownership changed to dtp state

* fix: binary flag moved to state

* feature: pasv command

* refactor: remove unused class WorkDir

* refactor: user not required for storage client api as of yet

* feature: list command

* refactor: command registration workflow changed

* feature: noop command, cwd command

* chore: remove unneccesary log

README.md, after:

# ftp-serve
FTP server framework for Node.js

# TODO
// Order does not imply priority, nor workable items
- Switch to typescript
- Domain Abstractions: ServerMessage, DataConnection, Connector, NetworkInterface, Port
- Determine Domain Boundary / Ownership for interface and port (Connector / DTP)
- Determine how to pass configuration down the chain FTPServer -> ClientSession -> DTP -> ???
- Determine Command lifecycle and relationship with configuration (i.e. how handle access rights, and how configure commands)
- Define model for implementing custom file systems (interface vs command provider)
- Determine Command Configuration
- Error handling (Introduce result abstraction ?)
- Dependency Injection
- Compliance Testing Client
- Investigate how to confirm successful replies and how to close data connections in compliance with relevant specifications
- FTP/TLS, FTP/SSH
- Documentation, pipelining support, telnet non-compliance etc.
- Learn how the server reply "120 Service ready in nnn minutes." works
# References
- http://cr.yp.to/ftp.html
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42025253/does-ftp-support-utf-character-set
